fix: fix validation issues (#109)
Azure-Samples/agent-openai-python-prompty: README.md

azd provision
```

## Guidance

### Region Availability

> This template uses [MODEL 1] and [MODEL 2] which may not be available in all Azure regions. Check for [up-to-date region availability](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models#standard-deployment-model-availability) and select a region during deployment accordingly

Author: @marlenezw please update this generic section with actual models and region information before merge.

> This template uses [MODEL 1] and [MODEL 2] which may not be available in all Azure regions. Check for [up-to-date region availability](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models#standard-deployment-model-availability) and select a region during deployment accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template uses  `gpt-35-turbo-0613`, `gpt-4o` which may not be available in all Azure regions. Check for [up-to-date region availability](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/models#standard-deployment-model-availability) and select a region during deployment accordingly
```

  * We recommend using [SUGGESTED REGION]

### Costs

You can estimate the cost of this project's architecture with [Azure's pricing calculator](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/calculator/)

> * [Azure Product] - [plan type] [link to pricing for product](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/)

Author: @marlenezw please update this generic section with actual product pricing information before merge
